In the last lectures we learned a lot about conditional slates and how generally that all works and
react.
The key takeaway of course is you're always writing javascript's you're so used to Jolly's good features
as we did for the last with the map method and so on.
Now what if we want to style things.
What if we want to change the style of our individual list items here depending on if they are or that
or even number maybe like we didn't view chaos example we can do that very easily since we are in javascript
here.
I can just go to my list item and then simply add style NOW style also takes single Koli braces.
And now here we can write javascript code.
Now the style is set up here however also has to be a javascript object so I need to pass a javascript
object to that style property to basically haloed which styles want one set.
So inside my single curly braces I'll pass another pair of curly braces.
And don't mistake that with the double curly braces syntax from future.
Yes it's just that I need to pass an object here.
So in that style I might have a background color and that needs to be camel case since we're in javascript
here.
Alternatively Rapidan single quotation marks to use background color with the dash and then may be red.
So the string for hit Control enter and add new elements.
These elements have a red background.
Now you can also outsource is of course you could set my eyes style here to a javascript object in a
separate constant and this case could also be a variable of course and set background color.
Now using the difference in text to read like this and simply passed that year between a single quotation
actually braces your eyes style just to make this code code a bit more lean and don't put everything
in a single line for control Antar.
We get the same behavior as before.
Of course you can also write conditional code here.
Maybe we want to change the style depending on whether the current element is odd or even number for
this case I can copy that or catch this constant and put it into my map method to your into year.
And now I can simply check if Al divided by two with the modulus operator if data is equal to zero if
it is then it's an even number.
So we could set the background color to green.
Otherwise I want to set a to read and of course here we have a question mark in between.
It's a turn every expression if you now would control enter click on you element it's red green red
green.
So now that's working now with dynamic styles.
Again thinking in this javascript world write your javascript code and then mix it with GSX to change
what you output.